Updates for TELCODOCS-260 and TELCODOCS-262 - PTP events 4.9 (#35889)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ptp-installing-operator-web-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/installing-ptp-operator.adoc

[id="install-ptp-operator-web-console_{context}"]
= Installing the PTP Operator using the web console

As a cluster administrator, you can install the PTP Operator using the web console.

[NOTE]
====

> You have to create the namespace and operator group as mentioned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must create the namespace and operator group as mentioned
```

in the previous section.
====

.Procedure

. Install the PTP Operator using the {product-title} web console:

.. In the {product-title} web console, click *Operators* -> *OperatorHub*.

> .. Choose  *PTP Operator* from the list of available Operators, and then click *Install*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Select *PTP Operator* from the list of available Operators, and then click *Install*.
```

> Use select to refer to selecting an item from a list.

> .. On the *Install Operator* page, under *A specific namespace on the cluster* select *openshift-ptp*. Then, click *Install*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. On the *Install Operator* page, under *A specific namespace on the cluster*, select *openshift-ptp*. Then, click *Install*.
```
